# Words in BaseNote

In BaseNote, there is a design principle that suggests using four-letter
words with no drooping letters for the terms and APIs within the
language. This paradigm aims to promote a specific naming convention and
reduce the overall API surface by enforcing a consistent pattern.

The idea behind this approach is to create a concise and uniform syntax
throughout the language, making it easier to read, write, and understand
the code. By limiting the term length to four letters and avoiding
drooping letters (such as 'g', 'p', 'q', 'y', etc.), the language's
vocabulary becomes more compact and streamlined.

Adopting this naming convention can have several benefits. It reduces
cognitive load for developers as they work with the language, making it
easier to remember and recognize terms. It also promotes a more uniform
and aesthetically pleasing code style, which can contribute to code
readability and maintainability.

However, it's important to note that while this paradigm is encouraged
within the BaseNote language itself, it may not necessarily apply to
custom DSLs built on top of BaseNote. When implementing your own DSLs,
you have the freedom to choose the naming patterns that best suit your
specific domain or requirements.

Ultimately, the decision to adhere to a specific naming convention, such
as using four-letter words with no drooping letters, depends on the
goals, principles, and preferences of the language designers and the
community using the language. It's a design choice that aims to create a
unique and consistent coding experience within the BaseNote ecosystem.

## Word List

Here is the collected valid word list which can be used in main BaseNote
library projects.

```
arch
back
bait
bake
ball
band
bank
bark
base
bash
bead
beam
bean
bear
beat
bell
belt
bend
best
bike
bill
bind
bite
blob
blot
blow
blue
blur
boat
bolt
bond
book
boom
boot
bore
boss
bowl
brew
brim
buck
buff
bulb
bulk
bull
bunk
bunt
burn
bush
bust
buzz
cake
call
calm
cane
card
care
cart
case
cash
cast
cave
char
chat
chew
chow
cite
clam
claw
clue
coal
coat
code
coin
comb
cone
cook
cool
cord
cork
cost
crab
crew
crib
crow
cube
cuff
cull
cure
curl
dare
dart
dash
date
daub
dawn
daze
deck
deed
dent
dice
diff
dish
disk
dive
dock
dole
doll
doom
dose
down
draw
drum
duck
duct
dude
duel
duke
dunk
dusk
dust
ease
etch
face
fade
fake
fare
farm
fast
fate
fawn
fear
feed
feel
fill
film
find
fine
firm
fish
fizz
flat
flaw
flex
flow
flux
foam
fold
fool
fork
form
foul
fret
fuel
fume
funk
fuse
fuss
fuzz
hack
haft
halt
hand
hare
harm
hash
haul
have
hawk
haze
head
heat
herd
hide
hike
hill
hint
hiss
hive
hold
hole
home
honk
hood
hoof
hook
hoot
horn
hose
host
howl
huff
hunt
hurt
hush
inch
keel
kern
kick
kill
kiln
kilt
kink
kiss
kite
knee
knit
knot
lace
lack
lake
land
lash
laze
lead
leaf
leak
lick
like
line
link
lint
list
load
loaf
loan
lock
look
loom
loot
lord
love
lull
lure
make
mark
mash
mask
mass
mate
maze
mean
meet
melt
mesh
mess
milk
mill
mime
mind
mine
mint
miss
mist
moan
mock
mold
molt
moon
moss
move
muck
muse
mush
must
name
need
nerd
nest
nick
nose
note
null
oink
ooze
race
rack
raft
rake
rank
rant
rate
rave
read
reek
reel
rein
rent
rest
ride
riff
rift
rise
risk
roam
roar
robe
rock
role
roll
room
rose
rule
rush
rust
sack
salt
save
scam
scan
scar
seam
seat
seed
seek
self
sell
shed
shim
shoe
show
side
sift
silt
sink
site
size
skew
skid
skim
skin
slab
slam
sled
slot
snow
soak
sole
soot
sort
star
stem
stew
stir
stub
suck
suit
surf
swan
swim
take
talk
task
team
tear
tell
term
test
text
thaw
thud
tick
tide
tilt
time
toke
toll
tone
tool
toot
toss
tote
tour
tree
trek
trim
trot
tube
tuck
tune
turn
twin
vibe
view
void
vote
waft
wait
wake
walk
wall
want
wash
wave
wear
weed
weld
well
will
wind
wink
wish
wolf
word
work
worm
zone
zoom
```
